Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to update the favorite icon to have the full right icon.
Whenever we had a product to our wish list.
To do this, we have to go to the detail dietary and then the products on the score detail screen and
you can see why we have this icon widget.
So what we can do is we can check if that product has already been added to our wish list.
If it has been added, then we want to show the right icon, which is going to have a red background
inside of it to do this.
This is going to be very similar to what we have over here.
Right.
Okay.
So what we just have to do is over here, we are going to call the contest contest, then got read.
Then we basically want to have access to the witch list.
Provider.
And we have to say don't get get which items then dot first where or no.
And remember you can see this elements as a variable that stores all the fields or all the details we
have within the wish list provider class.
So over here we can just rename this to say which.
And get rid of this force.
And now we have access to all the details over there.
We can then say which dots, what document ID is equal to.
The.
The product list.
Product list.
And product ID.
For that, I'd.
Is not equal to, nor if it is not equal to, nor it means it has already been hoarded.
Right.
Then we want to show.
Get rid of this.
I'm just going to copy it first.
The icons that Favre writes.
They?
Right.
Okay.
And get rid of this.
Look at the train camera.
Else we want to share.
Icon widgets.
Icons.
Dot pays this.
Okay.
Sorry.
I just can't come here and use control and save and make sure you are in the customers accounts.
Else this might not work because just only customers do it.
This happy structure is structured.
Only customers are allowed to have product to their wish list.
Right.
Okay.
And.
Currently we have this product in which let's not click on it again.
Okay.
Seems cool and click on it.
How did.
Right.
Because we are saying if if it has been hard that we want to show this full civil rights icon.
And let's go check to see if it's if it's really there.
Okay.
Consider that.
Okay, now let's click on it again.
Okay.
And.
Remove it.
Okay.
Not going.
What we can just do is in order to save us from errors with this rate, we can just use this watch and
get rid of this and just restart this.
But we start.
It's going to take some time to start because I think I've not done this for some while now.
And.
Okay.
It's going to start this.
We have to log into the.
Customer accounts.
And I mean I think I have this at me I G.M. dot com.
Make sure the account is for the customer is a customer account.
Else it's not going to work as expected.
Okay.
And.
Let's have a productive wish list to see.
Think I have had this.
Lots of them.
Okay.
Let's check to see what we're missing.
Sorry.
I don't think it's yet.
It's going to.
Okay.
Skirt down.
And I'm going to change this to watch.
Okay.
Get rid of that.
This country needs to save.
And let's go try.
Okay.
Already?
I did.
Okay.
Now let's start this.
So be sure everything is working as expected.
All three Sutton.
Okay.
And.
Sign up and log in.
Okay.
I mean, G.M. does calm the.
Log in and hopefully it's going to work with that error as we are basically saying.
Cortez watch then which this provider I believe we already know what this watch does.
Okay.
I think the it should also work because basically we just want to update this and not something other
from this.
Okay, click on this.
Okay, click on it again.
Okay.
Since school.
Some skill and the way you could also say watch.
The watch basically has everything the reader has, but the reader does not have everything the watch
has.
So basically you can just change this to watch and it's going to work as what the expected compared
to using the read since the watch basically has everything the reader has and the read does not have
everything the watch has.
Or have.
Sorry for the English, but for you understand.
Okay, this is basically it.
And I'm just going to try this with another.
Under the products.
Okay.
This week on this had that click on it again.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.